Return-Path: <info@eufico.eu>
Message-ID: <646D2849.7070701@eufico.eu>
Date: Tue, 23 May 2023 20:55:37 +0000
From: <info@eufico.eu>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.4) Gecko/20100608 Thunderbird/3.1
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: <bruce@untroubled.org>
Subject: Your account is hacked. Your data is stolen. Learn how to regain access.
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-3; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Content-Length: 1869

Hi,

I am a hacker, and I have successfully gained access to your operating system.
I also have full access to your account.

I've been watching you for a few months now.

The fact is that your computer has been infected with malware through an adult site that you visited.
If you are not familiar with this, I will explain.
Trojan Virus gives me full access and control over a computer or other device.
This means that I can see everything on your screen, turn on the camera and microphone, but you do not know about it.
I also have access to all your contacts and all your correspondence.

Why did your antivirus not detect malware?
Answer: The malware I used is driver-based, I update its signatures every 4 hours. Hence your antivirus is unable to detect its presence.
I made a video showing how you satisfy yourself in the left half of the screen, and the right half shows the video you were watching at the time.

With one mouse click, I can send this video to all your emails and contacts on your social networks.
I can also make public all your e-mail correspondence and chat history on the messengers that you use.

If you don't want this to happen, transfer $1470 in Bitcoin equivalent to my Bitcoin address (if you do not know how to do this, just search "buy bitcoin" on Google).

My Bitcoin address (BTC Wallet) is: 17WhVHdWCW3yNNAo4LXsPRpTCnhN8wVtG8

After confirming your payment, I will delete the video immediately, and that's it. You will never hear from me again.
I will give you 50 hours (more than 2 days) to pay. I will get a notice, when you open this email, and the timer will start.
Filing a complaint somewhere does not make sense because this email cannot be tracked like my Bitcoin address.

I never make any mistakes.
If I find that you have shared this message with someone else, the video will be immediately distributed.

Best regards!

