Return-Path: <filippo.bottiglia@tiascali.it>
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
From: "iorgos chi-pang" <filippo.bottiglia@tiascali.it>
MIME-Version: 1.0 (1.0)
Date: Tue, 23 Jan 2024 06:19:46 +0200
Subject: Fw:
Message-Id: <6E6DEB7F-C9E8-F95D-5ED8-4CFADBCA6E6D@tiascali.it>
To: <bruce@untroubled.org>
X-Mailer: iPhone Mail (21A350)
Content-Length: 1769


Hello!

I am a hacker who has access to your operating system.
I also have full access to your accounts.

I've been watching you for a few months now.
The fact is that you were infected with malware through an adult site that you visited.

If you are not familiar with this, I will explain.
Trojan Virus gives me full access and control over a computer or other device.
This means that I can see everything on your screen, turn on the camera and microphone, but you do not know about it.

I also have an access to all your contacts and all your correspondence.

Why your antivirus did not detect malware?
Answer: My malware uses the driver, I update its signatures every 4 hours so that your antivirus is silent.

I made a video showing how you satisfy yourself in the left half of the screen, and in the right half you see the video that you watched.
With one click of the mouse, I can send this video to all your emails and contacts on social networks.
I can also post access to all your e-mail correspondence and messengers that you use.

If you want to prevent this,
transfer the amount of $ 1200 (USD) to my bitcoin address (if you do not know how to do this, search in Google: "Buy Bitcoin").

My bitcoin address (BTC Wallet) is: 11DrzZHSKsPDEsuuGMBEJwug9bZuMfR3D

After receiving the payment, I will delete the video and you will never hear me again.
I give you 50 hours (more than 2 days) to pay.
I have a notification of you reading this letter, and the timer will start right after you open it.

Filing a complaint somewhere does not make sense because this email cannot be tracked like my bitcoin address.
I do not make any mistakes.

If I find that you have shared this message with someone else, the video will be immediately distributed.

Best regards!

